# JavaWeb_json-ajax-i18n
Today is still an ordinary day, but I can go home the day after tomorrow. The atmosphere in school is really depressing. I recently learned the framework integration of SSM and finished learning mybatis. I feel it's OK. However, I encountered a bug in the afternoon. I know the reason is that Tomcat and spring are not suitable, and JDK is too advanced. Now I finally find out, The higher version of JDK is really garbage, and 1.8 is more fragrant. Anyway, in the future, enterprises basically use 1.8, so I might as well use 1.8 all the time. Yesterday, I sent an argue letter to Sheffield University. I felt that I really tried my best. I kept studying every day. I felt that the people I studied were going to be stupid just to break the silver. It was really ironic. I hope Sheffield University can change its mind and offer me an offer. I won't tell you how much. Life is like this. You can make as much as you can. The winner is the king and the loser is the enemy. The state says it wants to take action to rectify the chaos of education. In fact, there is basically no change. There is no way. In such a big environment, you can only keep learning in order not to be eliminated by the times and learn, Can only keep learning. When I write here, I think of a movie I've seen before, called Chinese partner. There's a classic saying in it, you won't drown if you fall in the water. You'll drown only if you stay in the water. You have to swim and keep swimming forward. It's true. Doesn't this reflect the vicious involution phenomenon in China? Ha ha.
